<!-- omit in toc -->
# Contributing to Ki365

First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute! â¤ï¸

Here's a brief overview on how to best achieve that:

All types of contributions are encouraged and valued. See the [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents) for different ways to help and details about how this project handles them. Please make sure to read the relevant section before making your contribution. It will make it a lot easier for us maintainers and smooth out the experience for all involved. The community looks forward to your contributions. ðŸŽ‰

And if you like this project and want to show it support:
> - â­ Star Ki365! 
> - Post about it 
> - Refer this project in your own project
> - Mention this project to all your friends and colleagues
> - And most importantly: ðŸš€ Deploy Ki365 on your servers and have people use it!

<!-- omit in toc -->
## Table of Contents

- [I Have a Question](#i-have-a-question)
- [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
- [Suggesting Enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
- [Improving The Documentation](#improving-the-documentation)
- [Styleguides](#styleguides)
- [Commit Messages](#commit-messages)



## I Have a Question

> If you want to ask a question, please make sure that you have read the available [Documentation](https://ki365.github.io/docs).

Also, before asking a question, it is best to search for existing [Issues](https://github.com/ki365/ki365/issues) that might be similar. In case you have found a suitable issue upvote so we know which issues are impacting users the most.

If all else fails, you can do the following:

- Open an [Issue](https://github.com/ki365/ki365/issues/new).
- Fill out the issue template completely.
- Wait for a response from a lead developer or community support.

We will then take care of the issue as soon as possible.

> ### Important Legal Notice <!-- omit in toc -->
> When contributing to this project, you agree that the authored content is fully generated by yourself, that you have the rights to the content, and that the content you contribute will be added to the project, to be protected under the project's license.

## Reporting Bugs

<!-- omit in toc -->
### Before Submitting a Bug Report

Before submitting a bug report, we ask if you can investigate the issue carefully. After gathering this information, please complete the following steps:

- Search for any similar issues in the [issue tracker](https://github.com/ki365/ki365issues?q=label%3Abug). This is so you can determine if other users have experienced (and potentially already solved) the issue you are having.
- Make sure to search the internet (including Stack Overflow) to see if users outside of the GitHub community have discussed the issue.
- Collect any pertinent information about the bug or error:
- Stack trace (Traceback)
- OS, Platform and Version (Windows, Linux, macOS, x86, ARM)
- Version of the interpreter, compiler, SDK, runtime environment, package manager, depending on what seems relevant.
- Possibly your input and the output
- Can you reliably reproduce the issue? And can you also reproduce it with older versions?

> IMPORTANT NOTICE: You must never report security related issues, vulnerabilities or bugs including sensitive information to the issue tracker, or elsewhere in public. Instead sensitive bugs must be sent by email to the lead developer.

## Suggesting Enhancements

<!-- omit in toc -->
### Before Submitting an Enhancement

- Make sure that you are using the latest version.
- Read the [documentation](https://ki365.github.io/docs) carefully and make sure the functionality is not already covered.
- Perform an [issue search](https://github.com/ki365/ki365/issues) to see if the enhancement has already been suggested. If it has, upvote and/or add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.
- Find out whether your idea fits with the scope of the project. It's up to you to make a strong case to convince the project's lead developers and community of the merits of your feature.

<!-- omit in toc -->
### How Do I Submit a Good Enhancement Suggestion?

Enhancement suggestions are tracked as [GitHub issues](https://github.com/ki365/ki365/issues).

- Use a **descriptive title** for the issue to identify the suggestion.
- **Describe the current behavior** and **explain which behavior you expected to see instead**. You can also describe which alternatives did not work for you.
- You may want to **include screenshots and animated GIFs** which can help demonstrate the proposed feature.
- You **must** explain why this enhancement would be useful to **most** Ki365 users. You may also want to point out how other projects have solved the problem and may serve as inspiration.


## Improving The Documentation

To improve the documentation, please submit a pull request with a short description of the changes and why it is needed.

## Styleguides
### Commit Messages

```
NOTE: we will update this once we have a formalized style guide including the steps on setting up the development environment
```

## Attribution
This guide is based on the **contributing-gen**. [Make your own](https://github.com/bttger/contributing-gen)!